uniquevisitkey string
calculated_visitorid string
mcvisid_visitorid string
accept_language string
browser bigint
browser_lookup string
carrier string
click_action string
click_action_type tinyint
connection_type tinyint
connection_type_lookup string
click_context string
click_context_type tinyint
click_sourceid int
click_tag string
c_color string
color smallint
country smallint
country_lookup string
cust_hit_time_est timestamp
cust_hit_time_gmt string
cust_hit_time_utc timestamp
daily_visitor tinyint
domain string
date_time_est timestamp
date_time_utc timestamp
exclude_hit tinyint
first_hit_page_url string
first_hit_pagename string
first_hit_ref_domain string
first_hit_ref_type string
first_hit_referrer string
first_hit_time_est timestamp
first_hit_time_gmt string
first_hit_time_utc timestamp
geo_region string
geo_country string
geo_city string
geo_zip int
geo_dma int
uniquehitkey string
hit_time_est timestamp
hit_time_gmt string
hit_time_utc timestamp
hit_source tinyint
hitid_high bigint
hitid_low bigint
homepage string
hourly_visitor tinyint
ip string
j_jscript string
javascript tinyint
javascript_lookup string
language smallint
language_lookup string
last_hit_time_est timestamp
last_hit_time_gmt string
last_hit_time_utc timestamp
mobileaction string
new_visit smallint
os bigint
os_lookup string
page_event tinyint
page_event_var1 string
page_event_var2 string
page_event_var3 string
page_type string
pagename string
page_url string
paid_search tinyint
post_channel string
post_campaign string
post_cookies string
post_currency string
post_cust_hit_time_est timestamp
post_cust_hit_time_gmt string
post_cust_hit_time_utc timestamp
post_evar1 string
post_evar2 string
post_evar3 string
post_evar4 string
post_evar5 string
post_evar6 string
post_evar7 string
post_evar8 string
post_evar9 string
post_evar10 string
post_evar11 string
post_evar12 string
post_evar13 string
post_evar14 string
post_evar15 string
post_evar16 string
post_evar17 string
post_evar18 string
post_evar19 string
post_evar20 string
post_evar21 string
post_evar22 string
post_evar23 string
post_evar24 string
post_evar25 string
post_evar26 string
post_evar27 string
post_evar28 string
post_evar29 string
post_evar30 string
post_evar31 string
post_evar32 string
post_evar33 string
post_evar34 string
post_evar35 string
post_evar36 string
post_evar37 string
post_evar38 string
post_evar39 string
post_evar40 string
post_evar41 string
post_evar42 string
post_evar43 string
post_evar44 string
post_evar45 string
post_evar46 string
post_evar47 string
post_evar48 string
post_evar49 string
post_evar50 string
post_evar51 string
post_evar52 string
post_evar53 string
post_evar54 string
post_evar55 string
post_evar56 string
post_evar57 string
post_evar58 string
post_evar59 string
post_evar60 string
post_evar61 string
post_evar62 string
post_evar63 string
post_evar64 string
post_evar65 string
post_evar66 string
post_evar67 string
post_evar68 string
post_evar69 string
post_evar70 string
post_evar71 string
post_evar72 string
post_evar73 string
post_evar74 string
post_evar75 string
post_evar76 string
post_evar77 string
post_evar78 string
post_evar79 string
post_evar80 string
post_evar81 string
post_evar82 string
post_evar83 string
post_evar84 string
post_evar85 string
post_evar86 string
post_evar87 string
post_evar88 string
post_evar89 string
post_evar90 string
post_evar91 string
post_evar92 string
post_evar93 string
post_evar94 string
post_evar95 string
post_evar96 string
post_evar97 string
post_evar98 string
post_evar99 string
post_evar100 string
post_evar101 string
post_evar102 string
post_evar103 string
post_evar104 string
post_evar105 string
post_evar106 string
post_evar107 string
post_evar108 string
post_evar109 string
post_evar110 string
post_evar111 string
post_evar112 string
post_evar113 string
post_evar114 string
post_evar115 string
post_evar116 string
post_evar117 string
post_evar118 string
post_evar119 string
post_evar120 string
post_evar121 string
post_evar122 string
post_evar123 string
post_evar124 string
post_evar125 string
post_evar126 string
post_evar127 string
post_evar128 string
post_evar129 string
post_evar130 string
post_evar131 string
post_evar132 string
post_evar133 string
post_evar134 string
post_evar135 string
post_evar136 string
post_evar137 string
post_evar138 string
post_evar139 string
post_evar140 string
post_evar141 string
post_evar142 string
post_evar143 string
post_evar144 string
post_evar145 string
post_evar146 string
post_evar147 string
post_evar148 string
post_evar149 string
post_evar150 string
post_evar151 string
post_evar152 string
post_evar153 string
post_evar154 string
post_evar155 string
post_evar156 string
post_evar157 string
post_evar158 string
post_evar159 string
post_evar160 string
post_evar161 string
post_evar162 string
post_evar163 string
post_evar164 string
post_evar165 string
post_evar166 string
post_evar167 string
post_evar168 string
post_evar169 string
post_evar170 string
post_evar171 string
post_evar172 string
post_evar173 string
post_evar174 string
post_evar175 string
post_evar176 string
post_evar177 string
post_evar178 string
post_evar179 string
post_evar180 string
post_evar181 string
post_evar182 string
post_evar183 string
post_evar184 string
post_evar185 string
post_evar186 string
post_evar187 string
post_evar188 string
post_evar189 string
post_evar190 string
post_evar191 string
post_evar192 string
post_evar193 string
post_evar194 string
post_evar195 string
post_evar196 string
post_evar197 string
post_evar198 string
post_evar199 string
post_evar200 string
post_evar201 string
post_evar202 string
post_evar203 string
post_evar204 string
post_evar205 string
post_evar206 string
post_evar207 string
post_evar208 string
post_evar209 string
post_evar210 string
post_evar211 string
post_evar212 string
post_evar213 string
post_evar214 string
post_evar215 string
post_evar216 string
post_evar217 string
post_evar218 string
post_evar219 string
post_evar220 string
post_evar221 string
post_evar222 string
post_evar223 string
post_evar224 string
post_evar225 string
post_evar226 string
post_evar227 string
post_evar228 string
post_evar229 string
post_evar230 string
post_evar231 string
post_evar232 string
post_evar233 string
post_evar234 string
post_evar235 string
post_evar236 string
post_evar237 string
post_evar238 string
post_evar239 string
post_evar240 string
post_evar241 string
post_evar242 string
post_evar243 string
post_evar244 string
post_evar245 string
post_evar246 string
post_evar247 string
post_evar248 string
post_evar249 string
post_evar250 string
post_event_list string
post_java_enabled string
post_mobileappid string
post_mobiledevice string
post_mobilehourofday string
post_mobileinstalldate string
post_mobilelaunchnumber string
post_mobileosversion string
post_mobileresolution string
post_mvvar1 string
post_mvvar2 string
post_mvvar3 string
post_page_event smallint
post_page_event_var1 string
post_page_event_var2 string
post_page_event_var3 string
post_page_type string
post_page_url string
post_pagename string
post_pagename_no_url string
post_visid_type tinyint
post_referrer string
post_search_engine smallint
post_prop1 string
post_prop2 string
post_prop3 string
post_prop4 string
post_prop5 string
post_prop6 string
post_prop7 string
post_prop8 string
post_prop9 string
post_prop10 string
post_prop11 string
post_prop12 string
post_prop13 string
post_prop14 string
post_prop15 string
post_prop16 string
post_prop17 string
post_prop18 string
post_prop19 string
post_prop20 string
post_prop21 string
post_prop22 string
post_prop23 string
post_prop24 string
post_prop25 string
post_prop26 string
post_prop27 string
post_prop28 string
post_prop29 string
post_prop30 string
post_prop31 string
post_prop32 string
post_prop33 string
post_prop34 string
post_prop35 string
post_prop36 string
post_prop37 string
post_prop38 string
post_prop39 string
post_prop40 string
post_prop41 string
post_prop42 string
post_prop43 string
post_prop44 string
post_prop45 string
post_prop46 string
post_prop47 string
post_prop48 string
post_prop49 string
post_prop50 string
post_prop51 string
post_prop52 string
post_prop53 string
post_prop54 string
post_prop55 string
post_prop56 string
post_prop57 string
post_prop58 string
post_prop59 string
post_prop60 string
post_prop61 string
post_prop62 string
post_prop63 string
post_prop64 string
post_prop65 string
post_prop66 string
post_prop67 string
post_prop68 string
post_prop69 string
post_prop70 string
post_prop71 string
post_prop72 string
post_prop73 string
post_prop74 string
post_prop75 string
post_tnt string
post_tnt_action string
post_visid_high bigint
post_visid_low bigint
user_server string
username string
user_agent string
quarterly_visitor tinyint
ref_domain string
ref_type tinyint
ref_type_lookup string
referrer string
resolution smallint
resolution_lookup string
rvid string
rvid_domain_name string
search_engine smallint
search_engine_lookup string
search_page_num smallint
secondary_hit smallint
service string
va_closer_detail string
va_closer_id tinyint
va_finder_detail string
va_finder_id tinyint
va_instance_event tinyint
va_new_engagement tinyint
visit_num int
visit_page_num int
visit_start_page_url string
visit_start_pagename string
visit_keywords string
visit_ref_domain string
visit_referrer string
visit_ref_type tinyint
visit_search_engine smallint
visit_start_time_est timestamp
visit_start_time_gmt string
visit_start_time_utc timestamp
weekly_visitor tinyint
yearly_visitor tinyint
dq_fail string
dq_fail_colname string
hash_value string
batch_id string
batch_timestamp timestamp
last_updated_user_id string
prcd_datekey_est string
prcd_hour_est int
datekey_est string
hour_est int